- right here again for another IDM
progress report called I think this is
the box so we are and a few minutes late
so in terms of gender already start
recording so I will ask everyone to put
your name or your it up in the list of
attendees if you haven't already
also I all need a volunteer to take
notes so is anyone is anyone able to do
that for me
a cackler okay thank you Paul by the way
you were muted but that's not a problem
Sao Paulo will be taking the notes first
and so I think at this point people
already added the notes into the the
updates so let's start with the wrong
amount of interest and the plates by the
order of setting these lists so I'm
actually the first one I'm always the
first time I will I will start putting
my name in the bottom of the list anyway
so in terms of of my my updates oh by
the way I'm and records if you if you
don't know me I'm working on the project
mostly over viewing all the the project
and also focus on the back end part of
the project and by BK and I don't mean
service of that I mean the cryptography
part and the wallet itself as the
backend layer so in terms of what I've
done this week let's go here so I
finished the initial implementation of
two modules modules that I've already
presented in the last session but
essentially I finished the human crypto
keys module so in summary it's a module
that is able to generate deterministic
peace so that you can later import them
either by their seed or by the mnemonic
or vehicle code or something else
and also I've finished the
implementation of cryptokeys composer
which is a module that human cryptokeys
uses in order to export and import those
generated key in various formats name
for instance it's it's able to export in
both case yes
8 we shall TFS uses and for the public
key is able to export a subject public
info and which is the most common format
used nowadays also i've refactored and
edit model the model entrance and exit
animations because basically Sousa is
ahead and decided about how the actual
module insurance works and in the exit
as well so I prefer to implemented that
or this help implement in momentum that
and also I've helped setting up the
sector phones because the sector font is
not not an open phone she's actually a
licensed phone so I actually bought the
font and plated help the plating the
wrapper and setting up licenses and all
of that so that's you know the project
is MIT except for this part specifically
for the font which has a different
license I'm sorry do we do a lot of code
and pull requests from all the members
of the team and going forwards what I'm
doing next by the way I know I know
tasks in progress and more block norwalk
so what I'm going to next is that I will
help or I will structure the non news
web app in terms of various aspects
namely namely setting up the router so
that we can have routes so that we can
navigate even table setting up the IDM
wallet and how can the react components
easily connects to the wallet in order
to obtain the state and called actions
and reading the components and there's
also some minor starts first there and
we also also help implementing the
identity scope
on the IBM wallet but I think Paulo will
explain that in detail afterwards and
also I will help in the researching
about development about how can we model
the data of each identity namely namely
the credentials the apps to share the
sessions with rbtv
and how can we replicate that easily but
I think we also mentioned that in this
in this time so that's that's it for me
heading on to the next one I think it's
Jonny Quest you have any place on the
grants or just a spectator I've been
mostly working so on the verifiable
credentials working group in fact
actually and will be distracting sorry
so mostly I'm working on the verifiable
credentials working group and actually a
little bit distracted because I'm
actually the the calls overlap right now
and so a lot of that is the standards
for the interoperability so that's the
right now the IP ID which is a did
method is is I'm still working on the
specifications but a lot of it is now
actually once we have this method is
actually work out some interoperability
with other did methods and so a lot of
what I've been working on is actually is
these things that chip and pin cards
hardware security modules and even
yubico actually has hardware security
module now so I was actually ultimately
about key
deriving keys from these different
devices and and getting it into either
an Android phone or an iPhone for
actually storing those keys for
interoperability so there's a lot of it
is just sending those up within the guy
of go code and then transporting the
keys to your wallet and then ultimately
to your your your either you through
your browser so um so only to find out
that these are terribly insecure anyone
knows the the RSA or actually this in
this card there embedded so you actually
can't change the key these are from
China
they're worthless don't buy those you
know I want to make those I fancy it was
actually like so like these are actually
the was this ledger net nano is actually
is where I actually store all my Bitcoin
billions right now so actually these are
but you can't shake you can't do a lot
of interoperability about this is a
rating the C code and actually someone
has done this for iota and creating it
in but it's just a pain in the butt so I
haven't actually gone down that route
yet but I'm actually working a lot with
the you would go key and and a hardware
security module that's right man do you
know about if I don't if I don't align
yourself yeah I think you weren't here
but we had like two sessions ago John
demoed has the integration of web of n
what about and I think yeah you know it
doesn't provide yeah so if it played
with it and essentially you have the
ability to use that we're aware wallets
there are the final component of 500
lines compliant but but also the way
bath and supports using the hardware
that is within your wallets
sorry the within your Mac MacBook or
your iOS device because your your what
forces my mother took actually has a
hardware device that is able to encrypt
stuff for me and I can leverage that to
store information encrypted within the
hardware or at least in the storage
encrypted with a key that only the
hardware is able to quit so we exported
to unlock the idea modes but but later
on we can explore using hardware
Hardware keys in order to import your
master key or at least obtain a
signature of your of your must-have key
basically but it's still too far away in
terms of so yeah in Inca
so the hardware wallets for the you
fight of a lion Alliance actually as the
you cookie actually does support that
but unfortunately actually it's x.509
self signed certificate
is all you can do is you actually can't
do like a sha-256 hash and then signing
that with it with a it looked a curve
it's so it's it's very limited to just
x.509 so it's really trying to get to
the it's either signing it art with RSA
or ideally with Edie two five five one
nine which is a lot of the curve that
I'm focusing on or SEC p25 six K ones so
that's where I've actually gone to more
of a hardware security module so so it's
altima because i think it's ultimately
like it's generation of the keys and i
don't trust myself to be smart enough to
do that and so i want to push that off
into some device that actually is
recognized as being secure and audited
and just basically using whatever key
actually it comes from that device that
actually is like outside my control it's
all about then once having that is
signing and and and then just getting to
the cool stuff i want to get to the cool
stuff great to hear that so i imagine
that that's that will be a long way for
you to you know to get into these stuff
and actually you know get something out
of it I guess or is it or are you more
optimistic so I think it's you know
right now what is it twenty lines of
code so it really once you actually get
to it it actually sets go code um
interfacing with the GoSee library so
once actually it it's really simple it's
just understanding the complexity and
simplifying it and realizing just that I
get you easily this is the standard for
the US government and like for military
purposes but they're bogus so it's
so is that it for you Tony can does it
I'm sorry okay so adding on to the next
one she's so awesome hey guys so for the
last two weeks I've concluded the design
for the social proofs the device list
and apps pages the screens realizing to
a one-component only which is the cart
and it's appropriated for one device one
app or more than one and those those
variations will depend on the under
layout already finished the design for
the profile as well with the three
spotlights which work as a entry point
for each page that already mentioned so
another thing that I concluded was the
standardization for the current
illustrators illustrations that I'm
using across the pages and they were
added to the style guide with the proper
pads and so they can be tweaked by the
implementation side I already finished
the morph animation for the branding
brand I can into the lock icon
I used the Lottie it's a great tool from
from my B&B and it works really flawless
so in progress right now I have the
temporary illustration for the profile
page it was something that I already
mentioned on the progress last on the
last two weeks that there are still a
bit some details to refine and it's
almost finished but it's something that
I maybe I can conclude today mmm let me
see so the next step for me regarding
this print will be the design to the
notifications components predict all the
scenarios for the notifications itself
where the where and how they appear
across the pages so another detail that
I'll be working on will be the seeking
status research about which information
we can use and how to show the
replication status predict predict the
sync the syncing status for each
identity displayed on the side panel
which is including all the pages of
course and add or include the most
complete feedback of these status on the
profile page another
step for me for for the for this print
will be designed the authentication
prompts that is presented to the user
when an app wants to authenticate with
with the project with novice and yeah
for me that's that's almost it any
questions thank you
I actually forgot to always forget
forget to ask if there is any questions
there are any questions anyway is there
any questions for for Android no
questions and butter if you have any
questions for me please ask actual god
and if you guys want to see any any of
these of this current tasks I can
provide the links I adamantly clued in
that on the on the on the agenda but I
can just fixed with a with a URL across
to any any of the tasks it's actually if
anyone wants to look into the designs
yeah that's what I'm saying you're
documented in the design section of the
readme of the PM IDM I read on the
profession PR you have design and then
you have here a link to the Google Drive
folder that is public you can never get
freely there and see all the work there
is mean for those readers in terms of
design and also all the code ways is
currently living on several cripples
these list might erode over time for
instance two weeks ago we didn't have
both of these rifles here cryptokey
composite in crypto keys so will be a
planning these if you want to check out
the code as well so heading on and
preceding we have Pedro cool or head
below hey guys I will be quicker than
souls I promise
so for the past two weeks and what I've
been doing was I adjusted models and
flow model contents component for
different resolutions I have the link
under under clipped but if you want to
check it out and I also implemented the
type select and type option components
that will be useful for for the user to
choose their type of identity and we
also use this we will also
use this component for for the type of
the device that they want to have when
they are creating a new identity and
what I am currently doing I am fixing
some bugs on a flow model content
component I will try to do this as soon
as possible so that I can I can keep
with implementation of create identity
user journey that this was where what I
was doing previously and I need to keep
with that and I will also implement the
Avatar component that I will also need
this component on the on the create
identity user journey and that's it for
me any questions you know questions for
for Pedro all right so let's keep going
so next on the list we have Dominguez
geo Geodude
hi guys so since the past time we since
the last time we met I concluded the
lockscreen
implementation that I show you that in
that progress report hall in the past
Sprint I've been working on the setup
block or user journey which I'll be
showing showing you the current state in
the in the demo section and after I
finished that journey I will be working
on the import identity user so if you
have any questions so we have an atom of
fries
awesome is there any questions for you
no questions I think most questions
about your eyes in your demo anyway
let's proceed and let's go so hi guys so
during this print I conclude of the
human crypto keys and Ray started this
but since crypto keys composer actually
got even a little bit of time to finish
I picked it up and
finished it myself and I also finished
the D ID first implementation in JSI DM
wallet currently this implementation
only supports the IP ID method in the
future we want to support more but for
now it's the only one that we are
supporting and I don't have anything in
progress our blood our sprint is
starting and in during the this new
sprint
I will implement the identity scope in
the IBM was wallet module and also as I
said I will do a little bit of research
and development about the modeling data
of Narva TV about the identities
credentials apps and sessions so we look
forward to check the best way to to
store this kind of information how we
are going to do it we are sharing this
between imported identities and all of
that stuff so this was mainly it do you
guys have any questions for me
no ok ok sure all kinds yeah so
regarding the identity scopes scope on
body emotions oh well just to be more
detailed what you it will actually do is
is to use the previously implemented the
ID scope on the IDM wallet so it will
call the create method the import method
and so on but will actually store the
actual identity in the storage of the
idea mode encrypted with the secret the
secret key that is in the locker and
also it will because it will persist the
the that information the storage will be
able to also implement the method such
as get identity and released identities
least identity are stored within the
wallet right so hang on I think ok we
have Jim but Jim had to left to live so
let's go into the second part I think we
are exactly in time because it's often
our sorry health half an hour for the
first part and half however for the
second part so let's start with the
demos and I think you guys forgot to
image here but we have to demo stitcher
we have I start with the one from geo
which is the set up Locker in the
journey so final stop sharing okay let
me know when you see the shared screen
yes are you seeing this shirt screen
okay so this is the not finished state
of the Senate floor user journey it
starts by asking the user to input a
passphrase so we can start putting a
passphrase or well this is a well let's
let's see if I can restart at least the
code was beautiful and it's very good if
it doesn't work it's okay I think you
may do something to make a sacrifice to
the demo cards yeah it's okay something
is wrong because even even the puzzle if
you mean there's three indicator is not
reacting you know if you start typing
you see yeah yeah it's it's possible
password so we can we can try with that
because this this issue is probably to
do with the one messages I remember
suggesting let's move to the
can you stop sharing yeah see I'm
hearing myself alright so let's go into
Paulo's demo
you
Oh
I'm not able to hear are you guys able
yeah I'm hearing oh wait I'm not even
sure he's breaking for me please for me
is breaking right now guys and you can
you hear me yeah okay okay okay sorry so
I will demo the human crypto keys that
we did this last sprint so basically the
human crypto keys currently exposes
three methods its generates keeper get
keep air from a mnemonic and get keeper
from sea I will explain this in a little
bit of detail but I'll show you so I
will run a demo here so we will generate
the keeper an RSI keeper
and after that we'll we'll use a Mahna
Mahna k-- and i will explain it later to
get the same keeper and use the same
seed so here are the results
firstly we generated a keeper and the
keeper was generated with RSA and these
are the parameters that were used to to
generate this keeper but we have a
minimum ik here so what are we doing
firstly we are using beep 39 well
establish Bitcoin how can I say it
submitted yeah you generate so basically
we generate a minimum ik with that
module and as you can see here these
Mahna Mahna k-- will be able to recover
your keeper so basically if you ever
lose or you don't know your actual key
keys for example your private key that's
it's inconvenient pam here you can use
this mana Manik to later recover it
also this Mahna Mahna k-- will be
transformed or we will derive a seed
from this
manic and the seed that it was right
from this mathematic it's this one and
this seed will also be able to recover
the same key pair that was generated so
we actually generate a key the key pair
we visit no sorry
we actually it depends on the on the on
the algorithm if it is an RSA key key
priori krypton basically we use these
VSIP to further the entropy of PRNG
seller condom numbers generated and this
seed will serve it as it's entropy to
and after that we will use that PRNG and
no forge to generate the the key pair so
this is it this is all the information
that you get with the generate key part
and you can start this manna monic and
this seed for later recovery and for
example what happens if you lose this
you can use the gatekeeper from mnemonic
method that we also exposed and if you
pass this mathematic you will get
exactly the same keeper so I don't know
if you guys can see it because it's
quite a big and it sink all that in time
using the crypto crypto keys composer
that's Andre developed in the in this
period but they are exactly the same
both private keys and public keys are
exactly the same and this is the minimum
that was used so we have spell panel
duty nominee it's exactly the same as
provided here spell line of duty nominee
and depends in match and Al are exactly
the same here so and we also have the
method get keep read from sieve that
actually does the same thing you just
passed the sieve that served as the
entropy for the an RSA trng
for the generation of an RSA key pair
and it's exactly the same also
we provide a few options to compose the
the keys differently based on what the
package that and ready
takis composer provides us so for
example we can use currently we are
using PK PK cs8 for the for the private
key and s PK i am for the public key but
we can adjust this and use all other
kinds of formats depending on our needs
so we provide a set of options that you
can configure and get your your property
paired composing whatever you like so
this is mainly it I don't know if Andre
wants to do it is it possible for you to
quickly switch to a d25 509 okay any or
these for those types of keys right so
this is the the demo example that I have
here
firstly I'm generating the keeper will
be algorithm where the algorithm is RSA
as I said it and after that I doing the
gatekeeper from mnemonic from the first
results so when using the mnemonic and
the same algorithm so but what if I
change these to do this so let's run
this again let's see
so actually the first thing that we
noticed it's that the generation is
quite about quite a lot faster but it's
because of the algorithm that we choose
so we are using EB 255 1/9 the minim on
ik it's another mnemonic another
generator mnemonic based on a English
word list in the future we we hope to
support other kind of of kind or other
kind of word lists to support other
languages and it is the the same it
generated a private key and a public key
it's same code that I think this isn't
going to be a yes
because as a friend it's the same and by
the way this desert ready for ad two
five five one nine is to get so the
serious as 64 bytes and to generate the
seed for the ad two five five one
because the way you generate is the the
ad two five five one nine key is to take
a seed of 32 bytes so we take the the
the first 32 bytes of the 64 bytes if
based on demonic so it's pretty
straightforward and also the actual
speed of the generation is much faster
that's why we actually are very
interested in 82 509 just because it has
you know more is more secure and also
it's much faster both to generate code
to sign to profess anxious and of that
so we hope in the future to do a pull
request to Libby to pick crypto in order
to use the crypto keys composer library
that that we both created in order for
it to be able to import and export ad to
509 keys so that we can later use those
keys in IP NS records so that we can
publish I penis records using these
types of keys I think that's it I think
right and that's re supported in the go
version yeah that's what I've been using
so I published two IP NS using the go
and the unfortunately there's some
issues right now in that it's the key
format so right now it's really just
stored as binary in the ipfs folder and
so if you do generate it and store it
and the ipfs folder and reuse that one
then it's um you should have to pull it
from the binary file and it's not really
very secure to store it and on disk
could be better just or yeah i've not
included in any tasks in order to
actually into it easily be to be greater
but i will try to do to do the
integration in my spare time hopefully
in the weekend or something like that
because i'm really interested in having
these types of
is really fast and and worship your most
securing and actually they are smaller
the public keys are very small which is
kind of nice for for in terms of one way
to know that and that's it
cool more questions for for this demo
for follow the questions alright so is
it ready too
[Music]
second yeah let's share it again okay I
had to it had to break once at least
okay so let's try this with a secure
password and it should give us the
information that in fact secure password
is obviously not a secure password so it
doesn't enable the continue button even
if we replaced in the in the confirm
section so we have to select a better
password than this this for example this
one and once they match and once they
match this line turns blue and the
continue button is enabled allowing us
to proceed to the next step the next
step is the setup expiration time so we
have this slider right here to determine
how long the Locker will stay open
without any interaction before it closes
again it locks again so we finish it and
we proceed to the to the to the screen
we have as our current main screen
obviously it won't be this simple
yeah this color for its it's from the
demo that followed it some time ago I
can also show you by the way the
finished sides of the lock screen which
I chose you in the past progress record
call very mind that my my computer is
currently running a lot of stuff at the
same time so the animation may not be
totally fluid but here's the exit
animation for the lock screen so if you
have any questions feel free to to ask
and be stopping the screen share yeah
in terms of that animation it was not
smooth because of the the zooming
compression and so on so if you want you
can record a small video and loading it
to you to us about that and linking
eating the notes so that people can can
actually see the smooth experience and
not the compressed experience that we
have here in them so I think that's all
for the demos so anything on I will
share my screen and so to confirm so yes
we have just two demos you're missing
your demo here in the list so if you put
a few minutes it will be nice so we have
like 13 minutes and if there are any
questions general questions that you
want to ask feel free to ask them you
you can always reach us in IRC we are in
ipfs identity Channel and also in the
epidemic data IRC channel which was you
know the identity project started within
that working group so you can always
reach us there but if you have any
questions feel free to ask and I think
that's all Johnny crunchy and any
questions yeah how about where are they
in the browser where are they the key
stored all right so the keys we avoid
storing the master key in the in the
storage of the browser that's why we
have at the moment very much this is a
way to store your masaki but we are
looking into having paper key so
essentially you have you have you print
your paper key or write your mini monic
that's that's why we have that module
the 12 words somewhere or you can
printed documents and store it safely I
know that is not this is not a very user
friendly process we are looking to other
processes such as social covering
mechanisms or even the adware wallets
that you there you mention
but for now we are we are using them or
they are looking into using the paper
key as a first strategy but we are not
storing the misuki but we are we are
storing the device keys
so essentially have your master key that
controls your your a-10s records in case
of a key ID and then we have the device
keys which are the which are listed in
your data documents but we are storing
in the storage of the IDM wallet which
is encrypted so that's why we have the
setup blocker and the lock screen that
you just saw but basically when when you
put a passphrase
and also we are looking to other methods
Judd says you know the touch ID and face
ID later on and so on but but
essentially the storage is encrypted
meaning that your device keys will be
encrypted in the storage so let's say
that in case in a catastrophic event you
get stolen your computer gets stolen
even if a hacker you know is able to
read your stuff in the local storage it
will be encrypted and it will give you
plenty of time to go into or another
device using your master key to revoke
that device right cool
I think that's it any more questions
Ernie look no more questions all right
so I think I think we are over and thank
you for for our participation and see
you in the next IDM progress report
called in two weeks from now bye bye
guys
thank you for stopping by see ya